EDF!
I might be stupid.
Bigger.
BIGGER.
Fuck you.
I am NOTHING like you.
Holy fucking shit. I want to bang the animal crossing dog so goddamn bad. I can't stand it anymore. Every time I go to the town hall I get a massive erection. I've seen literally every rule 34 post there is of her online.
My dreams are nothing but constant fucking sex with Isabelle. I'm sick of waking up every morning with six nuts in my boxers and knowing that those are nuts that should've been busted inside of Isabelle's tight dog pussy. I want her to have my mutant cat/dog babies.
catbuff
I come from a world you will NEVER understand.
People have asked me what I would do if I was sucked into the cold, airless vacuum of space. I simply would not die.
I am the reason ambulances can't be called anymore!!
Have you seen a rabbit around here? I've got some bullshit to sort out with the fucker.
FEED ME A STRAY DOG.
I live in the Gardens Building in the Cat Clan Headquarters on the 2nd floor.
My name is Bolty Cat. I’m 23 years old.
I believe in taking care of myself, and a balanced diet and a rigorous exercise routine.
In the morning, if my face is a little scruffy, I’ll put on an ice pack while doing my stomach crunches. I can do a thousand now. After I remove the ice pack I use a deep fur cleanser lotion.
In the bath I use a water activated fur cleanser, then a honey almond body scrub, and on the paws an exfoliating gel scrub. Then I apply an herb-mint facial masque which I leave on for 10 minutes while I prepare the rest of my routine.
I always use an after groom lotion with little or no alcohol, because alcohol dries your fur out and makes you look older. Then moisturizer, then an anti-aging eye balm followed by a final moisturizing protective lotion.
There is an idea of a Bolty Cat. Some kind of abstraction. But there is no real me. Only an entity. Something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my paw and feel fur gripping yours, and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable, I simply am not there.
WE ARE GOING TO KILL YOU.
These people are annoying. I should kill them.
You're a big guy.
The leather club's three blocks down.
Buzz Lightyear to the rescue!
CUM CUM CUM FUCKING COCK
I'm living in your walls.
HOMO!
QUEER!
FA-
Did you know cats can be orange?
Psycho |is| my stepson.
Oh you're a queer aren't you?
I am +not+ gay. I have relationships with women. And sex with men.
Hey, you. You’re finally awake. You were trying to cross the border, right? Walked right into that Nanotrasen ambush, same as us, and that Syndie over there.
I can predict anything.
Pull up in a Ford Focus! Pull up in a Ford Focus! SKRR SKRR SKRR SKRRT!!
Customized my AR like it's Black Ops 2!
Just scammed a white kid out of some Gorilla Glue!
Finna go to the store to buy some Tampico!
My dumbass got jumped, I was outnumbered!
Got so high I saw a dinosaur!
This bitch so broke as hell she can't buy a Krabby Patty!
We like a bootleg Dynamic Duo.
Beat up my homie, 'cause he try to kiss me!
I'll crack you like a glowstick.
Geeps beat the line to my mom's house.
We're gonna go pee pee! In a pussy!
I knew this guy, he was a bit of a Psycho.
You seen any pigs around here? No reason.
Oh, yes... Paleblood... Well, you've come to the right place.
Yharnam is the home of blood ministration. You need only unravel its mystery.
But, where's an outsider like yourself to begin? Easy, with a bit of Yharnam blood of your own...
But first, you'll need a contract...
ahhh......+you+ were at my side, |all along.|
This cat is named Bolty. He is known for not being a cat. Watch as he turns human.
OH FUG A GOUGAR.
GIVE ME YOUR HAT.
I'm busy compiling a list of everything I've ever learned. Come back later.
Chinese social credit is a real thing.
There's a Google Drive to upload cards.
Florida man is not one person.
Chichi exists?
Past ten, the letter X is used in Roman Numerals to show the amount of 10s.
Demoman says 'Oh, that’s smarts' in one of his quotes.
A duplex is a house that has two seperate home spaces attached to one another.
AR-15 stands for 'ArmaLite Rifle 15'.
'Layman's Terms' refers to speaking on a topic in a way that a layperson, one with no expertise in any particular area, would be able to understand.
Moon Princess weebshit.
I should dip my balls in the supermatter.
Put your balls in the supermatter for 20 min you can now pee out uranium.
